Contributing guide cleanups: (#2679)
TouK/nussknacker: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> ## Hot to be involved?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to get involved?
```

All forms of contribution are welcome, including:
- Bug reports, proposals: https://github.com/TouK/nussknacker/issues/new/choose
- Pull requests: https://github.com/TouK/nussknacker/pulls

> ## Releasing strategy

Reviewer: :+1:

> We are trying to have regular release (about once a two months) in similar to [Kafka manner](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/Time+Based+Release+Plan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are trying to have regular releases (about once every two months), similar to [Kafka way](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/Time+Based+Release+Plan).
```

Building:
- run `npm ci && npm run build` in `ui/client` (only if you want to test/compile FE, see `Readme.md` in `ui/client` for more details)
- run `./buildServer.sh` in `ui`

Run `./runServer.sh` in `ui`

#### Running using integration environment

- Clone [nussknacker-quickstart](https://github.com/TouK/nussknacker-quickstart)
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose-env.yml -f docker-compose-custom.yml up -d` inside it

#### Accessing service

Service should be available at ~~http://localhost:8080/api~~

#### Troubleshooting

1. If you want to build ui and have access to it from served application, you can execute:
```
cd ui/client
npm ci
npm run build
cd ../..
sbt copyUiDist
```
It will produce static assets and copy them to `./ui/server/target/scala-XXX/classes/web/static/` that make them accessible via http://localhost:8080/

```
cd ui
cp -r client/.federated-types/nussknackerUi submodules/types/@remote
cd submodules
npm ci
CI=true npm run build
cd ../..
sbt copyUiSubmodulesDist
```
It will produce submodules static assets and copy them to `./ui/server/target/scala-XXX/classes/web/submodules/` that make them accessible via http://localhost:8080/submodules/*

> 2. If you want to test verification mechanism, you need to make directory with savepoints available from your dev host. You can use `./bindSavepointsDirLocally.sh` script for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you want to test the verification mechanism (used during redeployment of Flink scenarios), you need to make a directory with savepoints available from your dev host. You can use `./bindSavepointsDirLocally.sh` script for that.
```

   At the end you need to turn `FLINK_SHOULD_VERIFY_BEFORE_DEPLOY` flag on in environment variables.

> ### Building

Reviewer: Let's add a reference to readme in ui/client - I think it's ok that it's in separate file, but reference link would be useful

Author: It was in troubleshooting above but good idea - will be more intuitive if it will be in building section. I've added precise steps and reference

#### Building tarball
```sbt dist/Universal/packageZipTarball```

#### Building stage - stage is a local directory with all the files laid out as they would be in the final distribution
```sbt dist/Universal/stage```

#### Publish jars to local repository

> ```sbt dist/Universal/publishLocal```

Reviewer: what does this really do in the case of dist? maybe let's add dist/Docker/publishLocal instead?

Author: Don't know what original poster was in mind ;) will change
